doc(release): prepare release notes for MAP 21.10.8 (#2036)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-21.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 21.10.8

Release date: `not yet ready`

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed issue that prevented images from being created when using `/media` api endpoint.
- Fixed issues and improved the map display (visibility, background and breadcrumb color).
- Fixed issue when user clicking on a parent resource link would cause the iframe to be loaded into itself.
- Fixed issue that caused the status displayed on a container to be different from the correct host status.
- Fixed an issue where icons for service groups, host groups and containers were not displayed.
- Fixed an issue preventing a user from saving MAP extension options if one map server address field is left empty.
- Fixed an issue where resources tooltips in MAP Legacy widget could not be displayed properly.
- Fixed an issue that caused MAP names to overlap in MAP listing page.

> - Fixed an issue that could cause layers to not be applied properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that could prevent the correct application of layers.
```

## Centreon MAP

### 21.10.8

> Release date: `not yet ready`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `December 28, 2022`
```

## Centreon MAP

### 21.10.8

Release date: `December 28, 2022`

#### Security fixes

- Actuator endpoints are now disabled by default, except for health and metrics.
- Fixed the security issue CVE-2022-42889 (Text4shell).

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed issue that prevented images from being created when using `/media` api endpoint.
- Fixed issues and improved the map display (visibility, background and breadcrumb color).
- Fixed issue when user clicking on a parent resource link would cause the iframe to be loaded into itself.
- Fixed issue that caused the status displayed on a container to be different from the correct host status.
- Fixed an issue where icons for service groups, host groups and containers were not displayed.
- Fixed an issue preventing a user from saving MAP extension options if one map server address field is left empty.
- Fixed an issue where resources tooltips in MAP Legacy widget could not be displayed properly.
- Fixed an issue that caused MAP names to overlap in MAP listing page.
- Fixed an issue that could prevent the correct application of layers.
- Fixed an issue where white shape color is not saved.

> - Fixed the bug when acknowlegment is not displayed on the ressource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the bug where acknowledgements were not displayed on the resource.
```

- Fixed issue when the call to update the breadcrumb is not launched.
- Fixed the bug when MAP search bar does not return good results

> - fixed opacity migration bug for migrated url.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Fixed bug when url shape have unwanted concatenation inside the url.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug where url shape has unwanted concatenation inside the url.
```

> - Fixed an issue that could cause layers to not be applied properly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Fixed an issue when image not displayed in viewer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where images were not displayed in viewer.
```

> - Fixed the bug when switching from legacy to NG lead to broken tooltip links.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Fixed an issue when Sort on names when requesting the list of MAP web client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Sort on was on labels rather than names when requesting the list of maps from MAP web client.
```

- Fixed the bug of the small size of the MAP viewer.

#### Enhancements

- Spring boot version upgraded to 2.6.6 version.
- Improved Centreon MAP Extension options so that only one MAP server is required to validate the form, when MAP Engine server is checked.
- Allow map owner to share a MAP with other ACL groups.
- Add choice to display percentage or absolute value on links and gauges to the user.
- Add "copy URL to clipboard" in viewer.

> - Improved Centreon MAP Extension options so that only one MAP server is required to validate the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
